the next task we're going to want to be
doing on a daily basis for Google ads
optimization is reviewing our searchs
report and adding negative keywords
depending on the volume of your account
you may not need to do this on a daily
basis it could be weekly but this is a
really important step so here's an
example of a bad Search terms report so
we just onboarded a new client in the
agency and I'm looking at their Search
terms report and what I'm looking at is
the search term of what they're actually
showing up for and paying for compared
to the keyword that they're bidding on
and this is an example of an opportunity
to add negative keywords so they're
trying to show up for sales enablement
platforms but they showed up for podia
uh this this is a perfect example sales
enablement sales
enablement revenue enablement software
sales enablement tools so what I what
I'll do in this case is I know this
client in this campaign they want to
show up for sales enablement related
terms so I like to sort by cost and then
based on cost um I'll also review
conversions if they have a large
conversion volume I'll usually just add
a little filter of
conversions less than one so that way
there is uh no performing Search terms
so these are like the bottom of the
barrel and then you can just sort by
cost and then what you're going to do is
you're just going to do a a review of
the search term against the triggered
keyword and then just do a quality check
so for example this one i' definitely
want to exclude and I'm just going to
keep going through this and I want to
see what what am i showing up for okay
here's another example apollo.io sales
enablement toolkit this is a a
competitive term we don't want to be
showing up for that in this campaign so
I'm definitely going to want to block
that uh best sales elment software
virtual sales room probably not relevant
to this campaign and then I'll just keep
going down going down sales enablement
Gartner magic quadrant sales enablement
we don't want to show for that in this
instance sales enablement toolkit client
management software Revenue Insurance
platform like and we can just keep going
down right so as you go through that
process you're going to click add as a
negative keyword and then what I
recommend that you do is you add these
to a negative keyword list so you can
just create a standard negative keyword
list like we talked about in the course
and just add it to that General negative
keyword list so that way you're not
applying or showing up for these things
anymore that's essentially it for this
step what you can also do to make your
life easier especially if you have
different stakeholders and you want to
keep them in the loop on the typ stuff
you're showing up for is you can create
a report in the reporting section under
the report editor just create a Search
terms report and then have it scheduled
to you on a daily or weekly basis
depending on your Cadence and that way
you can see your searchs report in your
email inbox and it's just a nice way to
get here into the editor uh the Google
ads interface to be able to make these
changes but that's it make sure you comb
through your Search terms and you want
it to be as close to perfect as possible
because at the end of the day Search
terms are what you're paying for and
keywords are only what you bid on